all right get ready for 12 hidden
messages in famous symbols you had no
idea about every line every curve and
every color in the logos of the world's
most famous companies have a whole lot
of meaning behind them from the hidden
messages and Wendy's symbol to NBC's
peacocks secret hit the like button and
get ready to learn a bunch number one
Paramount Pictures if you have seen at
least one Paramount Pictures movie in
your life you must remember their
mountain surrounded with stars logo the
company was started in 1912 by William
wodsworth Hodkinson they say the first
original logo was drawn on a napkin the
mountain on it resembled Ben Lomond in
Utah as it played an important part in
the life of the studio creator the 24
stars around the mountain weren't a
random decoration of the logo they stood
for 24 actors and actresses who were the
first to sign contracts with Paramount
the number would change with the years
the studio logo we know today was
created in 1987 it hasn't changed much
from the original one only the graphics
have become way more advanced number two
Domino's Pizza
[Music]
new Domino started as a little pizza
joint in Michigan in the 1960s today it
is America's second largest pizza chain
and a brand famous worldwide it's
understandable why their first original
logo had Domino's on it but the dots on
them do have a meaning that's not so
obvious the one dot stood for the very
first restaurant the two dots symbolized
the two franchises that opened a few
years later the original plan was to add
dots for each new restaurant since the
chain was growing so quickly this plan
wasn't fulfilled there would be simply
too many dots the logo we all know today
was created in 2012 and it lost the word
pizza it's a way of saying that these
days everyone knows well enough what
Domino's are selling and dots the real
story number 3 Hershey's Kisses the
first Hershey's Kisses were created in
1907 back then and for the first decade
of their existence each of the kisses
was wrapped in silver foil by hand it
was only in 1921 when the machine was
created to do the job and for the logo
it was always there the trick to read
the secret message in it is to turn it
on its side can you see the chocolate
kiss between Kay and I right there by
the way do you know why Hershey's kisses
are called so the most popular version
says it's named after the sound the
chocolate makes moving on to the
conveyor belt don't you just love
chocolate don't you just love chocolate
number four NBC the peacock was first
used as NBC logo back in 1956 it was the
time when colored television started
spreading the colorful bird was supposed
to motivate people to step into the
world of color and give up their old
black-and-white TVs why did they choose
a peacock of all birds for its variety
of colors and also to show how proud
they were of their new broadcasting
technologies at that time proud as a
peacock was a popular phrase today the
peacock tail has six colors in it each
of them stands for one of the NBC
divisions News sports entertainment
stations networks and productions number
five care for care for is a famous
French hypermarket chain it's name
translates as crossroads that explains
the red and blue arrows on the logo that
point in opposing directions the white
negative space of the logo is also used
in a smart way if you give it a close
look you will see a C for care for in
between the air ups number six Roxy
world-famous surf brand Quicksilver
launched its female clothing line in
1990 that was quite a risky move for
that time because surfing was still more
of a male activity fortunately for Roxy
it was a quick success with 1 million
dollars of profit in the first year
today it sells sportswear women's
snowboards and stylish accessories
Roxie's logo is more than just a heart
to symbolize love for sports
it's a crest built of two Quicksilver
logos on their aunts number 7 Cisco
internet networking giant Cisco got its
name after the city of its headquarters
San Francisco their logo has both a
reference to their location and to what
they're doing the electromagnetic
digital signal in it looks like a part
of the Golden Gate Bridge can you see it
now and well done number 8 Picasa Google
launched Picasa as a platform for
editing and sharing images its logo
quite obviously looks like a camera
shutter to get the hidden meaning of it
let's analyze the platform's name do you
know what Casa means in Spanish exactly
it translates as home now pay attention
to the negative space in the center of
the logo it looks like a little house
that's what Picasa is supposed to become
for your digital memories at least
according to its creators number 9
Nintendo GameCube Nintendo's home video
game console gamecube has a pretty plain
logo or so it seems if you give it
enough attention you'll notice that the
cube isn't just a cube within a cube the
outer figure is a letter G and the
inside negative space forms a clear C G
C for GameCube simple but why
number ten Unilever Unilever has gone a
long and successful way since the 1880s
when it was founded it was easy to track
their produce back then as they started
with just one hit the sunlight so as the
company was growing so was the variety
of items they sell to make things easier
for their old and new customers they
just put it all down in their logo the
letter U which clearly stands for
Unilever is made up of 25 icons
according to the company itself those
icons stand for everything that's
important to them you can find a lock of
hair a tea leaf a jar a hand and even a
spoon in there as well as many more
symbolic drawings have fun piecing it
together next time you have a Unilever
product in your hands number eleven
Wendy's
[Music]
it doesn't matter if you stick to a
healthy diet or a fast food as your
guilty pleasure you sure know what a
Wendy's logo looks like red-haired wendy
is smiling at you and hiding a secret
message in her collar a close look at it
will help you read it well it clearly
says mom the idea is that Wendy's is
happy to give you the taste of your
mom's cooking and they want this
thinking to stick to you company's
senior vice president of communications
Deni Lynch claims that it was totally
unintentional it's up to you to believe
it or not number 12
Pepsi
well it's hard to believe but Pepsi paid
over a million dollars to create this
special logo with its secret meanings
the new design hints at mysterious and
secretive themes such as the Earth's
magnetic field Feng Shui Pythagoras
geo dynamics the theory of relativity
and the golden ratio the designer has
explained that this logo also makes
reference to Mona Lisa the Parthenon and
even Rene Descartes the red white and
blue colors have always represented the
American flag well I guess you have to
justify the million bucks somehow so
which of the logo stories is your
favorite do you know any more cool logo
facts please share with us in the
comment section below
if you had fun watching this video let
us know by using the like button
subscribe to our channel in case you're
new here you won't regret it
as you'll enjoy our updates remember
life is always better on the bright side
[Music]